>> Bianca Gandolfo: Do you guys want to
take a stab at representing this into
some real Java scripts?
Again, there's some complexity here, and
I'm gonna encourage you to make it easy,
you know what I mean?
You don't need to hash anything or
whatever, just do it the easy way.
Whether you want to initialize your
matrix, or add a column row everytime.
Or whatever resize it.
You can make those decisions
however you want to design this.
The idea here is we wanna explore what
it takes, what are the constraints?
What comes easy?
What's harder?
And do we like it?
Maybe for you for
the things that you wanna do.
The JDC matrix works just fine.
It's simpler in your mind.
Maybe, maybe not.
We just wanna get familiar with
this representation of the graph.
It's the simplest representation.
No, no we'll go with this,
it's the simplest one, I don't know.
Yeah, what else do I wanna say?
One last point I wanna make is do you
know what the space complexity of this
is?
>> Speaker 2: The what now?
>> Speaker 3: N squared.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Mm-hm, n squared.
Space complex.
So we talked a lot about time complexity
and that's usually what we care about but
space complexity is also a thing.
It's how much space does it
take to represent your data so
as your data doubles, how much more space
does it take to store these six nodes?
So we have 6 nodes but we have to have 6
times 6, 36 bases here, in memory, right?
Because they're arrays,
they're saving a little spot in memory,
or a big spot, depending,
right, for this data.
And so,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It's a lot of data,
especially if we don't
have a lot of connections,
if it's just mostly zeros,
we call that a sparsely
connected graph, or loosely connected.
We just have a bunch of zeros,
that's a waste of space, so
that's another thing to think about
when thinking about adjacency matrix.
But we'll review that in a second,
I want you guys to jump into the code and
have a feel for adding nodes and deleting
nodes, or not deleting, adding edges.
We already know what it's
like to delete nodes.
We're not going there quite yet.
We're still traumatized from
deleting our binary search nodes so
adding nodes, adding edges,
representing our matrix somehow.